Secondly, it was a bright memory,
I think.
There was a young man who managed to gather there.
I was a parishioner.
You live in your own world.
And when you start understanding your motivation, your movement, and
your enthusiasm, that's why I think that the
generation of those guys who came to Darbayaf University will
not be as complimented as you are.
That's an interest to everyone.
It's the fact that when I moved my movement,
why did I go to physics,
Olympics and so on, it's a natural story.
I'll tell you this.
The second, I think.
The first
release in 2015, maybe not?
No, you know.
For me, it was a work.
It was bright.
When people met, it was bright.
It didn't tell you about it.
No, no.
It was a work.
The guys who taught him about it, they invited him
to look at it.
He came to me.
We talked, talked.
I said,
let's talk about it.
It's possible to ask about it.
Come here and work.
Let's talk about the Soviet Union.
I think it's possible to think about it.
It's possible to think about it.
30 seconds.
It's a top -off recruiter.
You know.
Yes, I'm here.
You're a very similar person.
Or...
Kenyz Pukitayev worked with you.
Yes, Kenyz.
I don't think I can adapt him.
It's a conservative person who started to appear at some
point.
I think he worked with enthusiasm.
Then he looked at it.
There were those guys who understood that we need to
move together.
I always come here.
But we've got a lot of cities.
We have a lot of cities.
There are cars and roads on the roads.
You've called a town tour.
Do you know where the city is?
Yes, I do.
There is a lot of cities.
There are around 10 people.
We don't know where the city is.
We don't know where it is.
Yes,
it's one of the most important things in my life.
I want to tell you about it.
He worked with us as a team at university, and
then I had a chance to help the guys in
Singularity University.
From California?
Yes, we sent him from the city center, from the
city center, to the city center, to the city center,
and then he came home for an tour.
He was coming to the city center, and it was
a successful tour.
He was coming, he had left his mission.
There is one of his ideas, he has already laid
his mind on the main character of the shooting.
He is free to go there.
Later,
when he was shooting in the morning,
he had to be in a situation for several minutes.
They made a single project there, and his partner
wrote that he found some kind of investor there.
I don't know how much, maybe a million.
What are you going to do?
I don't even think about it.
Great story.
And he left and now you can say, consider how
many?
Well, I remember Tweet,
when the Prime Minister of the United States,
Rishi Sunak, he was in his company, when they used
to have a very small round,
and he was a series B.
He was like one of the leaders of artificial intelligence
and the United States of America.
That's the kind of company.
That was the moment when he was called at the
moment.
And then when he was in London, he said, how
are you going to take 5 seconds to make a
decision?
These are the decisions they have to make right away.
We didn't even think about it.
It was a good place for a young man.
And he left.
You don't block it.
No, that's not the case.
You allow him to talk.
There were a lot of such cases.
And I don't agree.
That's why I'm saying that it's hard to remember one
bright episode.
You remember the meeting with Smut?
Maybe other scientists who were meeting you, who were not
going to take your career?
Well, first of all, when we went for the first
time,
I was responsible for strategic science.
Then I was told to Americans, I was told to
make a proposal to the whole laboratory.
I was told to the authorities, and they told me,
let's do it myself.
I was told to meet them and they did it.
I was told to do it.
I was told to meet them.
We were successful in the cooperation with many national laboratories.
We were very happy to be with Berkley Lab in
California.
We were still working with Berkley Lab.
We were still working with them.
Smut is very hard.
Smut is here.
Although we were in parallel.
I didn't know him there.
I knew him together.
But I knew him there.
I met a lot of people there.
Simon Horsen, for example, was a vice president.
We talked about everything.
He signed a memorandum with them.
He helped the Emirates.
He was also in a school.
Then there were many scientists.
We were told to meet Berkley Lab.
We were told to meet
Berkley
Lab.
We were told to meet
Berkley
Lab.
We were told to meet Berkley Lab.
and the partners, well, once a year, they came, they
came from there, they were there, they came a lot,
they moved forward, then even in the order of cooperation
they came, and we still have such an opportunity for
our students,
Dr.
Ante, they go to Berklee,
they have a safe trip there, and all that is
inside Berklee, all of that is provided free, they win
the grant and work there in the laboratory,
in the san laboratory,
there, it starts with all kinds of casinos, which were
necessary for the use of equipment, and so on, and
all of that is provided free.
I think this is another bright thing, which I think
is successful,
to help the university develop science, but today there is
no scientific research, there is no scientific research, there is
no scientific research.
And these things, as far as I'm concerned, are not
only publications,
but also just collaborations with the best scientific world.
Great, welcome.
Let's talk about NAD -02060.
This is one of the projects, in terms of the
carbon distribution,
when you have the number of CO2, which is produced,
the number of which you collect, that is, one of
the many machines left, that is, all of that.
You know such things, that scientists have paid attention to
the fact that there are such changes, they are observed
to change the climate, let's say, the warming, to collect
a long -term period, and they managed to divide the
anthropogenic composition of this warming, that is, in the climate
change, it is related to the development of the planetary
process, the water processes,
and this was noticed a little bit in 1987, or
something like that.
These are scientists, then they began to develop this topic,
develop it, and then, by the way, to model the
possible consequences for human beings in general.
Well, and this is the history of the destruction of
a panic effect.
Of course, it became clear that it is one of
the causes of a panic effect, that is, the heat
is maintained on the planet,
the temperature is gradually rising.
And one of the main things, this is a panic
effect, CO2,
this is a product of the energy activity, in principle.
Well, there is also a methane, also, as if it
were related to the energy activity, okay, this is a
natural methane, which is divided by the swamp, something else.
Well, a methane, which is, let's say, when you are
in these parents, that is, this is a whole, also,
therefore,
these began to develop, at first, scientists, then the politicians,
who were turned into the humans, came to the convention
to change the climate,
he said,
well, then in this case, they included everything.
We understood that this is in general, as for all
countries, we need to talk with all countries in the
field.
Well,
and there, they already included diplomats, and the theorists are
becoming a monetary scheme, how can you correct this process.
Well, I will not evaluate
I don't say that it's successful.
But in general, everyone understood that there should be a
solution for the country.
There was a culture of a non -vegetarian life.
Propaganda and so on.
Therefore, as a state, I was also left aside.
We have a lot of great issues.
We, of course, are in the field of our economy.
There are dozens of them.
I don't know.
Therefore,
we are also in this field.
But since then, when I was left with the Union,
there was no status as a state.
And then they invited me to take care of this
topic.
And then, on the other hand,
the country, even more than the United States, I talked
to them and talked to them about the status as
a state.
We had a status as a state, which is a
country that, as per economic, which, you can't afford
such a radical movement in the country.
But there will be a limit.
The first and the second, we say that especially if
there will be such an indecision, that, of course, we
can change everything.
But the main thing is that our energy resources, you
know, are Google.
And we will stop using Google.
At the same time, it was not long ago.
But nevertheless,
we have decided to think about it.
And on the same stage, we have appeared, as a
matter of fact, about the launch of some projects that
were supported by the energy resources.
It was probably 2005, 2006.
And then we found mechanisms for the sustainable development of
energy resources, solar, small EGES and so on.
And the business was pulled out because the conditions were
good for this, so that we could create such projects.
And the mechanisms of support, they all improved, improved.
In principle, today, in my opinion, 3 % can be
more, I will not explain it to you.
And we use our energy resources.